# Congreg8
CMPT276 Group Project

Congreg8 is a content delivering webapp that allows users to find content that interests them while adhering to their given time constraints. Congreg8 will deliver content results that include text, audio and video based on input.
Currently, users are required to sift through content on the internet through individual websites or through general google searches. While video and audio sources have easy lengths to determine, there is no quick-use service that allows users to understand the length of text-based content at a glance. News feed aggregation is used on iOS devices, and RSS feeds alert users to new content, but these features are not collectivized or organized in a general purpose manner. Congregate hopes to bridge these gaps.
Congreg8 aims to consolidate the act of searching for content and help users quickly find content that interests them that will fit into their specified time constraints. Congreg8 will help entertain users during a ten minute lecture break, provide users with just the right amount of content before bed, and keep users occupied while waiting for the bus.
Congreg8 targets users who already look to online sources for entertainment. Users who sift through various sources every few hours to try to find interesting content are the users that would find Congreg8 the most useful. People with short attention spans who still want to see something new as well as people who have lots of time and want to delve into a longer subject will find use for Congreg8's search system.
With Congreg8, users will be able to create accounts and save searches onto their dashboard. Users can specify a search which can be as detailed or as vague as the user wishes. All Congreg8 needs to search is the amount of time the user has and a category, and Congreg8 will bring the user the content that it finds. Users can get more specific, however, to the point where they can specify sub categories, sift through content types, sort by popularity or relevance, or specify a date range during which the content was published. Users will be able to save their specific searches so that they can easily find new content fitting their specific criteria in the future. Congreg8 will also feature an option for users to exclude content using specific phrases, which will keep users from seeing content with things like "Game of Thrones Spoilers" mentioned, or the use of expletives. Users can also choose to "like" or "dislike" a link, as well as mark a text-based link as "too long" or "too short" if they feel like Congreg8's approximation was inaccurate. Congreg8 will also include an option to generate suggestions for content based on what the user is currently looking at, and will try to learn more about a user in order to help find the most enjoyable content to present in the future.
Administrative users will be able to delete inactive accounts or accounts displaying spam-like behavior, and will also have the option to blacklist websites if there are reports of inappropriate or highly illegal content coming from that source.

Congreg8’s Git Link:  https://github.com/jarrodhaas/Congreg8.git
